samples: bluetooth: mesh: sensor sample features (#3)
HaavardRei/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/mesh/sensor_server/README.rst

The model handling is implemented in :file:`src/model_handler.c`.
It uses the TEMP_NRF5 or BME680 temperature sensor depending on the platform.

> The sample has a descriptor related to the :c:var:`bt_mesh_sensor_present_dev_op_temp` sensor, which specifies tolerance values for the ``TEMP_NRF5`` temperature sensor calculated based on the ``nRF52832 Product Specification <--- Link somehow``.

Reviewer: You could ask Mia Koen if she knows a way to link the specification.

Author: Awaiting an answer!

The model handling is implemented in :file:`src/model_handler.c`.
It uses the TEMP_NRF5 or BME680 temperature sensor depending on the platform.

> The sample has a descriptor related to the :c:var:`bt_mesh_sensor_present_dev_op_temp` sensor, which specifies tolerance values for the ``TEMP_NRF5`` temperature sensor calculated based on the `nRF52832 Temperature Sensor Electrical Specification`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sample has a descriptor related to the :c:var:`bt_mesh_sensor_present_dev_op_temp` sensor, which specifies range setting values for the ``TEMP_NRF5`` temperature sensor. The value of the temperature reported by the sensor is calculated based on the `nRF52832 Temperature Sensor Electrical Specification`_.
```
?
